when you swim into one of these
Springs and then a manatee comes
around the corner it's like
everything slows down and takes
a breath it sometimes will swim
right up to you you can count
the whiskers on its face receive
the propeller marks on its back
about 20 minutes you write down
here i'm an eighth-generation
floridian I still feel like I'm
connected to the Florida from
the eighteen hundreds to the
stories of my grandparents and
great-grandparents and I feel
responsibility for the future of
florida because of my heritage
in connection with your leg is
not soft down here in Florida
Wildlife quarter expeditions
were not an arbitrary walk in
the woods we are following the
paths of wildlife as determined
by the latest research trying to
bring attention to the corridors
and Wildlife need to move from
one place to another
I was going to crush your camera
oh gosh look at spots so
beautiful harness our defense i
really hope to keep my feet dry
on the trail today I really
don't think that's going to
happen it i think in all of its
identity as a tourist
destination as a place of
amusement parks as a place of
beaches the identity of the
heart of florida really gets a
lot of awesome but it's still
here
it's still beating absolutely
amazing to be here I don't think
very many people know this place
exists
you don't have to go on a
thousand-mile expedition to be a
conservation for tarpon you can
find a place that you love right
in your own backyard go out
photograph it share it tell its
story and you'll be surprised
the amount of change you can
help create
yeah